Introduce test-log-collector (#2541)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/test-log-collector/README.md

# Test Log Collector

## Overview

> The purpose of the Test Log Collector is to gather logs from the testing pods and to send them to the appropriate slack channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the Test Log Collector is to gather logs from the testing pods and to send them to the appropriate Slack channels.
```

> The purpose of the Test Log Collector is to gather logs from the testing pods and to send them to the appropriate Slack channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the Test Log Collector is to gather logs from the testing Pods and to send them to the appropriate Slack channels.
```

> It is intended to be run after the Octopus ClusterTestSuite, as it uses pods labels from Octopus. Test Log Collector will send logs only from the newest, finalised ClusterTestSuite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is intended to be run after the Octopus ClusterTestSuite, as it uses Pods labels from Octopus. By design, the Test Log Collector sends logs only from the newest, finalized ClusterTestSuite.
```

Reviewer: 1. pods -> Pods (we capitalize Pods)
2.  will send -> we rather avoid future tenses so I tried to rephrase this part
3. "the" Test Log Collector - only to unify it throughout the text as you used "the" above
4. finalised -> AmE so "z"

> ## Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

Reviewer: As per the [template](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/repository-guidelines/repository-template/README.md).

> To send the message to any Slack channel, you need to add the [Slack app](https://api.slack.com/start) to that channel and have its token. Slack app tokens typically have the `xoxb-` prefix. The slack app is required to have the following bot token scopes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send the message to any Slack channel, you need to add the [Slack app](https://api.slack.com/start) to that channel and have its token. Slack app tokens typically have the `xoxb-` prefix. The Slack app must have the following bot token scopes:
```

> In order to send the message to any Slack channel you need to have [Slack app](https://api.slack.com/start) added to that channel, and you need to have its token. Slack app tokens typically have a `xoxb-` prefix. Slack app is required to have following bot token scopes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send the message to any Slack channel, you need to add the [Slack app](https://api.slack.com/start) to that channel and have its token. Slack app tokens typically have the `xoxb-` prefix. The slack app is required to have the following bot token scopes:
```

> - channels:history

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `channels:history`
```

Reviewer: ...like in the [Slack docs](https://api.slack.com/methods/channels.history)?

> - chat:write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `chat:write`
```

> - files:write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `files:write`
```

## Usage

> To use the test-log-collector, navigate to its chart directory and run it with appropriate parameters. See the example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Test Log Collector, navigate to its chart directory, and run it with appropriate parameters. See the example:
```

```bash
helm install test-log-collector \
--namespace kyma-system ./chart/test-log-collector \
--set slackToken=${slack_token} \
--wait \
--timeout 600s
```

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuration
```

> Test Log Collector dispatches logs to particular Slack channels based on configuration file, located [here](./chart/test-log-collector/files/config.yaml). This config file is a list, which uses following fields to configure the application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Test Log Collector dispatches logs to particular Slack channels based on the [configuration file](./chart/test-log-collector/files/config.yaml). This config file is a list which uses the following fields to configure the application:
```

| Parameter             | Description                                                                                                                                                                            |
| --------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **testCases**         | List of test names, from which logs should be sent to particular channel. Specifying `default` item in that list creates a sink for test cases, which have unspecified target channel. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **testCases**         | List of test names from which logs should be sent to a particular channel. Specifying the `default` item in that list creates a sink for test cases which have an unspecified target channel. |
```

> | **channelName**       | Name of the channel, to which logs are sent. **Must** start with "#"                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **channelName**       | Name of the channel to which logs are sent. It must start with "#".                                                                                                                   |
```

> | **channelID**         | ID of the channel, to which logs are sent                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **channelID**         | ID of the channel to which logs are sent                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | **onlyReportFailure** | Indicates whether only logs from failed tests should be sent to Slack channel                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **onlyReportFailure** | Parameter that indicates whether only logs from failed tests should be sent to a Slack channel                                                                                                         |
```

Reviewer: <just to unify the descriptions so that all start with a noun>

You can get available test cases by running `kyma test definitions`.

> `channelID` can be obtained by right clicking channel in Slack and choosing `Copy link` option. Channel ID is the last part of that link. If the channel link is `https://example.slack.com/archives/CPBNQ4KNG` then the ID equals `CPBNQ4KNG`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can obtain `channelID` by right-clicking the channel on Slack and choosing the **Copy link** option. `channelID` is the last part of that link. If the channel link is `https://example.slack.com/archives/CPBNQ4KNG`, the ID equals `CPBNQ4KNG`.
```

Reviewer: I changed the passive voice into the active voice which we rather prefer using :)

> See example configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example configuration file:
```

```yaml
- channelName: "#default-msg-channel"
  channelID: "some-channel-id"
  onlyReportFailure: false
  testCases:
    - default
- channelName: "#serverless-core-channel"
  channelID: "some-other-channel-id2"
  onlyReportFailure: true
  testCases:
    - serverless
    - rafter
```

> Based on that configuration Test Log Collector will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on that configuration, the Test Log Collector:
```

> - send logs from failed `serverless` and `rafter` test cases to `#serverless-core-channel`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sends logs from failed `serverless` and `rafter` test cases to `#serverless-core-channel`.
```

> - send logs from remaining failed **and** successful test cases to `#default-msg-channel`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sends logs from the remaining failed and successful test cases to `#default-msg-channel`.
```
